you want to pitch the set and here it is
swung on and missed he got it with a
breaking ball and that is a huge out
number two
Jones sets and deals pitch fisted up the
middle Novak drifting back from second
and it's going to dunk in just over his
head into the outfield well Jones ran it
into the fists of Lowrie but he flunks
it into right field for a single
here's the set there goes the runner
pitch is swung on and missed got him
with a slider running just off the
outside corner second strikeout of the
inning poor Connor Jones the pitch ice
takes down and away ball four and
Virginia has tied it up by way of the
bases-loaded walk
so theis does get an RBI it'll be a no 2
pitch to Cody here it is swinging a line
drive back past the mouth hops over the
second baseman Jordan's glove into
centerfield as a run will come home as
Pavin Smith scores how about that first
career at-bat for Charlie Cody a two
strike RBI single back up the middle and
Virginia leads two to one here in the
second 1o pitch to go back swing a
chopper over the 3rd baseman's head he
leaps he makes the catch spins a
hesitation throws to first and they
count it they're gonna say they got him
at the very least Novak hustling all the
way it will make it 3 to 1 Virginia a
1-1 pitch from wolf an arrow swings
grounds to back up the middle that'll be
bobbled by the shortstop and duplex into
short brightfield one run is home as
Cody scores here comes the second run is
in safely all the way from second bases
Ernie Clement and Virginia's got a 5
spot here in the second inning and the
Oates who pitch on the way that is right
there for a called strike 3 Mims
absolutely crows
now the one-two pitch from Joe swung on
and missed ball of the dirt Coleman has
to throw down to first no complete the
strikeout by doing so now the 102 Kenny
towns on the way swinging a flyball
shallow left field lamb starts it now
charging in he'll make the catch and
tagging from third racing home has Hayes
Lee throw way up the line and Adam
slides in safely boy a very shallow
flyball but it gets the job done his
towns hits it just deep enough to bring
home Adam Haseley the payoff pitch swung
on and missed
got him on strikes for a big out number
2 as now the pitch to Justin Novak he
bunts it back the mound charging home
from third diced and followed by wolf he
goes to first for the out there coming
home to score is theis and it's 7 to 1
Virginia booming to second on the play
is Charlie Cody come to blue field
pitch hit back up the middle that's past
the diamond yard and into center field a
base hit and they will wave Cody around
third he will score standing up an RBI
single for Adam Haseley his first career
Cavalier hit makes it 8 to 1 Wahoo's
here in the fin six seven weeks from now
it's gonna feel different 2 2 pitch
right there called strike three make it
7 k's for Connor Jones as he just pumps
the best ball in it at Parker lamb could
do nothing but stare a they're gonna
have to step up because as the pitch
swung on and missed Connor Jones has got
back-to-back K's here in the sixth and
give him eight for the game Daugherty
back to the line up the leg kick in the
pitch hit hard the grounded third picked
by Kenny towns he'll spin around and
fire across the diamond right on a line
to Pavin Smith and plenty of time for
out number three
as the next pitch theis is swinging a
drive down the right-field line going
back as Nelson wins going to carry that
and that ball is gone back-to-back days
for Virginia where a player gets his
first career homerun and this one for
second-year Matt bikes a drive that
carried down the right-field line and
got over that black wall and Matt has
his first career long ball to make it 9
to 1
Cavaliers miss Derek Casey comes set
right he's 2 2 pitch swung on grounded
right side payments Pitt fields it he
will flip to Casey covering at first and
Virginia wins it by a 9 to 2 final and
have claimed this weekend series to open
up the season at East Carolina
now the 1o pitch breaking ball counts
taps it right side that'll get the run
home Jordan fields it throws on to first
in time for the out but it's one nothing
Virginia on the RBI groundout for a
Kenny towns first pitch from Waddell
swung on shopback past the mound Novak
ranges fields throws off his back foot
in time as Coleman stretches out and a
great play defensively to open up this
half of the inning from Justin Novak
showing his range
now the 1o pitch swung on hit hard to
the shortstop Panero could be 2 2 Novak
at second for one on to first home and
digs it out and that'll do it here in
the bottom half of the first bases
loaded with one out and Brandon Waddell
induces the ground ball for the double
play a 1 2 pitch vise hits it hard out
towards right field and deep once again
that since Nelson back still going back
in that ball is gone another long ball
for Matt dice his second in his many
games both today how about that kind of
double header from Matt dice the
second-year makes it to nothing Virginia
as he crosses home plate and a helmet
tap with Thomas Woodruff vise keeping it
low on the line drive but enough pop to
still get it out here's the set the 1 2
pitch swung on and missed on a ball in
the dirt and with runners at first and
second no throw necessary
Waddell has his first strikeout of the
game now the O 2 pitch on the way swung
on and missed fastball up and out of the
zone Waddell strikes him out strand
runners at first and second 2 2 pitch
swung on and missed
got him on strikes with some elevated
meat
on the separate waddell the two to pitch
inside corner called strike three
Waddell strands that base runner in
scoring position it eventually strikes
out the side and here's the pitch
chopped right side that'll be picked by
Coleman steps on the bag at first and
that's all they're gonna get Rob comes
home to score from third as Parker lamb
crosses the plate RBI groundout for Kirk
Gordon let's high us up at two apiece
the two biggest names unavailable pitch
is swung on hit away up in the air out
to right-center Clemente is racing back
still going back up against the wall and
he makes the catch
Ernie Clement a long run to get to that
one now back to the lineup here's the 2
2 pitch swung on and missed
got him on strikes Anna Roberts racks up
his first career strikeout as the
Cavalier the pitch comb and chopper
right side this will bring the run home
Jordan fields throws on to first in time
for out number two but Virginia takes it
3-2 to lead as town scores from third on
the RBI groundout courtesy of Ravi :
oh one now swung on hit hard towards
shortening for a base hit into
left-center field as nice drives home a
big time insurance run two-out RBI
single for Maddie who continues to swing
a very hot bed and a payoff pitch to
come two outs bases of pitches lifted in
the air over the infield and this should
do it Townsend Panero converged it's
Danny to make the call he makes the
one-handed catch and the Hoos complete
the sweep on opening weekend here in
Greenville North Carolina